[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Some of
the top players in the markets
are now saying they have no
idea where someone should
put their money and assets.
That means big changes are
in the wind for all of us.
We can choose to close
our eyes and be swept away
with the winds of change
or we can open them
and choose a different outcome.
"Choose" being the
operative word.
Catherine Austin
Fitts is with us
here again to share her
wisdom on how we can take back
our lives from the craziness
that is surrounding this
in the entire economic field.
I mean, everybody's just
sitting there glazed over,
just wanting to pass the
donuts and beer nuts, you know?
They don't understand what's
going on, except it ain't good.
Our audience knows
you well by now.
I mean, you have been a deep
insider in the world of money,
and where it moves, how
it moves, and so forth.
And you have also just
incredibly lucid thinking
on how we can take ourselves
back from the hole that's
been created for us.
And start with crazy.
I just said crazy.
We're talking about-- I saw this
on one of the shows you've done
recently-- $9 trillion dollars.
$9 trillion.
We're not talking
millions and billions.
Now we're in the trillions.
It seems to have
gone missing again.
I remember when $2 billion
going missing about 10 years ago
was a big deal.
>>CATHERINE AUSTIN FITTS:
That was $2 trillion.
>>REGINA: $2 trillion.
>>FITTS: $2 trillion going--
>>REGINA: Right, $2
trillion going missing.
>>FITTS: See, it's so big--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Exactly.
>>FITTS: You stretch.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>FITTS: The Department of
Defense Inspector General just
announced in August that
for the fiscal 2015, which
ended in September
30, 2015, that $6.5
trillion undocumentable
adjustments occurred
at year end.
And during the year, $2.8,
for a grand total of $9.3.
Our biggest number until
then had been $2.3 trillion
in one year, which is many
multiples of the budget.
So this is many, many
multiples of not only the DOD's
entire budget, but the
entire federal budget.
And as you know, under
the Constitution,
you're not supposed to
spend money that hasn't been
envisioned in an appropriation.
Needless to say,
$9.3 trillion, which
is many multiples of the federal
budget, was not authorized.
>>REGINA: It sounds legal.
It just says what,
undocumented adjustables?
What the heck does that mean?
Why does everything
sound like it's legal?
>>FITTS: In grossly
over-simplified terms,
what it means is, if you
got your bank statement
and it said that you had $9,300
less than you thought you had,
and you wrote a balancing
entry on your checkbook saying
undocumentable
adjustments, $9,300.
Oh, my checking
account is balanced.
That's how you do it.
And people say to me, how
can you possibly lose more
than your whole budget?
Well, with securities
fraud, you can, in fact,
lose $9.3 trillion.
But what it means is if you
look at the outstanding debt
that we are liable
for, the question
is, does Treasury have the
real number on its books?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And we talked just a moment
off-camera about this.
People, certainly
in our audience,
would think, oh, well,
how does that factor
in with the notion
of WACC budgets
where money-- just
massive amounts of money
disappear into exotic
technologies and some of this.
>>FITTS: This started--
Regina, there was a group
of us in the first Bush
administration who
got laws passed
requiring financial statements.
And what happened in
1995 was we started
to get published efforts to
do financial statements that
would explain why they couldn't
produce financial statements.
So imagine this.
The federal government
has never once complied
with that law since 19--
basically, 20 years.
So imagine if you just said,
I'm not giving you a 1040
this year.
That's what the
government said to you,
they're not giving you
financial statements.
But if you go back and
start in fiscal 1998,
a process began
where money started
to go missing in huge amounts.
And I call it the
financial coup d'etat.
And of course, the
$64,000 question
is, where is the money?
And how do we get it back?
And the reality is I
believe a lot of this money
has gone down what's
called the "Black Budget."
Let me step back.
In 1947 and '49, we passed the
National Security Act, the CIA
Act.
And we created a
provision for money
to be clawed out of
government budgets
to be used for secret projects.
And that became known
as the Black Budget.
And many of us believe it was
levered with organized crime
flows, with hidden
system of finance.
>>REGINA: Funded by
illegal drug trading,
even on behalf of
governments, by governments.
>>FITTS: And levered
with massive amounts
of financial fraud.
I've written a lot
about mortgage fraud.
But the Black Budget
is certainly one use.
The question is, what
are the other uses?
Because if you're
looking at it, we now
have approximately
$50 trillion missing
between the financial coup
d'etat and the bailouts.
And if you look at
that amount of money,
it's certainly more
than the amount of debt
we have on the books.
But it's also enough to
run a world government
on an endowment basis.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>FITTS: So I think some has
gone to the Black Budget.
But I think also enough
has gone into endowments
that the establishment now
feels they can cut and run
because their
dividends and interest
are enough, even at
these low interest rates,
to cover their
ongoing operations.
>>REGINA: Well, it does add
up if you have trillions
of dollars-- or billions.
Even a tiny percentage.
Because we're imagining,
how many exotic technologies
can we possibly have to even
warrant trillions of dollars?
But you're saying, no.
It's more like it's
going to, as you call it,
the top 1% of the 1%?
>>FITTS: Well, here's the
important thing to understand.
If you're just going
to look at value,
it's not just the
$40 now $50 trillion
that's gone missing during
the financial coup d'etat.
The most valuable
technology in the world
has been spun out into
private ownership and hands.
And my guess is if you're
looking at equity valuations,
that technology is
worth even more.
So we've had different
people in charge
of different aspects
of the Black Budget
hint at the kind of
technology that has been--
>>REGINA: Can you
explain that to us?
>>FITTS: Well, I'm
thinking of Ben Rich,
who used to run the skunkworks
for one of the big defense
contractors, who in 1990--
in the mid-90s said, we
now have enough technology
to send ET home.
>>REGINA: Right.
We're talking about the
secret space program for one?
>>FITTS: Right.
>>REGINA: Which would require--
that is very exotic technology,
would require a massive
amount of money.
>>FITTS: Right.
But you're now talking about
things like free energy.
>>REGINA: Free energy.
>>FITTS: Or, a breakthrough.
I should call it
breakthrough energy
because nothing in
this world is free.
But you're talking about
extraordinary technology.
>>REGINA: Also, I mean, I
know the faces and names
of all the people that are
"credited" with outing this.
The various groups
that are credited.
There isn't that kind
of money behind them.
Are you saying there
is another generation
of this already replicated
technology that is being funded
through the Black Budget?
>>FITTS: Well, we don't know.
>>REGINA: Because
it's not visible.
>>FITTS: It's not visible.
But if you study the
reliable witnesses who
have talked about what
we're building underground,
or under the ocean, or what
we're doing in the skies.
If you just start to price out--
I kept telling everybody
during the bailouts, look,
this is enough money to pay off
all the residential mortgages
in the country three times over.
So we are not talking
about Wall Street partners
having offshore accounts and
driving around in Ferraris.
We're talking about creating
civilizations on other planets.
>>REGINA: Right.
So that's where a lot
of it's skimmed off.
And again, those
civilizations really
would be more or less
reserved for those
who might need it, like the 1%
of the 1% and their associates.
>>FITTS: Right And
there's another thing
we should bring up.
And that is when the financial
coup d'etat started--
let me step back
and tell a story.
I was meeting with a
group of pension fund,
the leading pension
fund adviser or leaders
in the country in
April of 2000--
I'm sorry, of 1997.
And we had a company that
was trying to figure out
how to re-engineer the federal
budget so the economy could
really be successful
and the middle class
could be successful
in globalization.
We had a wonderful
man on the board
who was president of the largest
pension fund in the country.
And we showed him
how this could work
by re-engineering the federal
budget on a place-based basis.
So financing communities
really in a very different way.
And he looked at me and he
said, you don't understand.
It's too late.
I said, what do you
mean it's too late?
He said, they've given
up on the country.
They're moving all the
money out in the fall.
They're moving it to Asia.
And a process-- that's when
the financial coup started.
It was the beginning
of fiscal 1998.
And what we saw on globalization
was tremendous amounts
of money pulled out of
this economy in North
America and the developed world
and moved into the emerging
markets.
So in addition to
the Black Budget
and in addition to creating
an endowment for whatever--
or really, call that
privatization of government
at the root.
Clearly, there was
significant investment
to be made in terms
of globalization.
And that has been a piece
of it, one way or the other.
>>REGINA: So if America
officially stopped being
invested in-- what,
you say, 1998--
they'd abandon the
notion of putting money
back into our real
infrastructure and development
as communities in such.
Then, this isn't really
just a "good idea"
that we're looking at when
we go into the solutions
part of this conversation.
This is absolute necessity?
>>FITTS: Well, we didn't
just stop all infrastructure
investment.
So you've seen a
lot of investment
in an infrastructure that
assumes you want to build out
the North American Union.
So if, for example--
I spent a lot of
time on the road
driving around the country.
And if you look
at, they're really
setting up the infrastructure--
railroads, trucking-- for
Canada, Mexico, and the US
to be a merged market.
So there are investments
in infrastructure.
And my belief is that
the investment that's
being made underground has also
been very, very significant.
So there is a lot of significant
infrastructure going on.
It's just if you're walking
around on the surface
and you're the
general population--
>>REGINA: You're not seeing it.
>>FITTS: You're not seeing it.
And if you go to Europe, or
you go to the Middle East,
you're seeing a
first-world infrastructure.
I mean, you know because
you spend a lot of time
in Europe, too.
It's very humiliating to travel
around Europe and think, wow,
this is how the first
world lives because we
don't live that way anymore.
>>REGINA: We don't
live that way.
I mean, it's interesting
to drive around in India,
and come back and have
worse roads in California.
>>FITTS: Right.
>>REGINA: I know our
rural country roads,
there's nothing but
potholes and patches.
I don't even know the last
time that thing was paved.
>>FITTS: And what's
very interesting--
I've spent my lifetime drilling
down into government budgets.
In the '90s, we were
making a software tool
that would make all
the federal budgets
available on a community basis.
So you could see sources and
uses of government money.
If you drilled down and
look at the government
money, what you know is there's
terrible, terrible waste.
The government money
is being engineered
for political control
and to get people to go
along as opposed to really
optimizing anything,
including the infrastructure.
We've had enough money to take
care of the roads and bridges.
It's very hard for someone who
knows a lot about the budgets
to not drive around
the country and cry.
>>REGINA: And cry.
Exactly.
I get it.
What we'll do here is--
we wanted to bring
up one example,
because it just kind of
gives an indication of where
things might be headed.
A major military
industrial contractor
has a large contract with
the Department of Defense.
Could you tell us
what's going on there?
And why this is so significant?
>>FITTS: It's really
interesting because I
was in Washington when the
financial coup started.
And I couldn't get
anybody interested.
You had hundreds of billions
of dollars flying out the door.
Suddenly, all these
investment managers
had windfalls of money.
No one knew where they come--
you couldn't get
anybody interested.
So suddenly, Enron is blooming
and all these other people
are ballooning.
And nobody's interested.
You know why?
They're all talking
about Monica Lewinsky.
I was online looking at the
news about two months ago
and I said, you know, I've
been to this movie before.
Because there was so
much disinformation.
I call it the shriek-o-meter.
The shriek-o-meter
was full blast.
And I said, I've
been here before.
And I said, oh, it's
Monica Lewinsky two.
Here we go again.
And that's when I
started to look.
OK, where's the money?
>>REGINA: What's going
on underneath it?
>>FITTS: Money's disappearing.
Now, the Inspector
General, we talked about,
made their
announcement in August.
The month before, the
largest defense contractor
and the largest government
contractor in the country spun
their IT division out into a new
smaller company that had been
created to spin out another
defense contractor's--
to do a similar spin out.
And I said, oh, no.
Because this is--
>>REGINA: And tell us the
implication of what that means.
>>FITTS: This is a
major power position.
To run a lot of the
information and payment systems
at the largest agency
in the government
and across the
government, that's
an amazing thing, especially
when you're the largest weapons
provider to the government.
You're paying yourself.
So for them to
spin that off, that
tells me they've got enough
money now to cut and run.
And they're better off
getting the liability
off their balance sheet.
Now, as--
>>REGINA: The government
being the liability?
>>FITTS: Here's the thing.
If you are a contractor
and you are affecting
illegal transactions, or you
are a bank depository affecting
illegal transactions,
I believe you're
liable for all the
money that went missing.
And I happen to have litigated
with the Department of Justice
just on this point.
So you have liabilities if you
were affecting transactions
outside the law.
And you certainly have
political liability.
So if I were
running the company,
I would certainly want that
liability off my balance sheet.
So this is conjecture because
I don't have privy to why
they did and what they did.
>>REGINA: Sure.
But the timing is interesting.
One month before
the announcement.
>>FITTS: So I started
to look through what
was going on with cut and run
in other parts of the economy.
So I'll give you an example.
I just published something
called "Unanswered Questions"
about the Wells Fargo scandal.
Now, they created 1.5
million phony accounts
and 500,000 phony credit cards.
But you know and I both
know, the big money
is in the phony mortgages
and the phony auto loans.
The Fed now has $1.7 trillion
of mortgage-backed securities
on their balance sheet.
Are those real mortgages?
Or, are those are
phony mortgages?
>>REGINA: Are those
fake mortgages?
Yeah.
>>FITTS: Because phony
mortgages would give the system
a lot more juice.
So everywhere you turn there
are signs of cut and run.
And I was amazed the
Wells Fargo thing
happened before the election.
But I was astonished that not
one senator asked the question,
what else is associated
with these phony accounts?
>>REGINA: No kidding.
And she got 100-and-some
million dollar bail--
I mean, golden parachute
for that one, didn't she?
>>FITTS: Oh, the--
clearly, the officer
was doing what she was told.
She was clearly doing
what she was told.
>>REGINA: She was
given a massive bonus
to just disappear.
>>FITTS: Right.
Well, I think if we dig down
and look into the mortgage
securities market,
what we'll discover
is that despite $27
trillion of bailouts,
we didn't clean up the
outstanding future fraud.
>>REGINA: I think probably so.
>>FITTS: Right.
So here's the question.
For 10 years, I've been odd man
out in the financial community
because I've said, it's
not going to collapse.
It's going to slow burn.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And everyone's saying, oh,
it's going down in '12.
It's going down--
>>FITTS: I said no,
it's going to slow burn.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>FITTS: And part of that
is because of litigating
with the federal government.
I have extensive experience
and knowledge personally
of the different techniques they
use to keep the economy slow
burning along.
If you look at the cut
and run, and then you
look at something
that's happening
that we need to talk
about in connection
with the Constitution, the
push for a balanced budget
amendment, which I describe
as I steal $50 trillion,
and then after I've got
the money, I say, no.
Now we balance the budget.
And you have to put in enough
money to handle the liabilities
or we abrogate the contracts.
It's a double
[INAUDIBLE] if you will.
I think we're coming
into what I would
call a controlled demolition.
They can't keep the slow burn
going without overhauling
institutions.
>>REGINA: So what do timeframes
look like with a controlled
demolition?
Because you've been giving
it some space until now.
>>FITTS: Right.
So now, the runway
is much shorter.
And the question is, how
is this going to play out?
And I have no idea.
>>REGINA: Nobody seems to.
>>FITTS: I'm a
believer that we have
to get out of the business
of predicting a future
and get into the business
of inventing the future.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>FITTS: Because we
have a group of people
inventing our future for us.
And if you look at what I call
the controlled demolition,
it does not look pretty.
And so I think we need to get
back into inventing it ourself.
And the thing I would stress
about the economics is,
if you--
let's just take a
simple company being
run by a competent person.
If you put somebody in
charge who's saying one thing
and doing another, and engaging
in criminality, what's going
to happen to that company?
It's not going to do well.
>>REGINA: Not going to do well.
>>FITTS: Right.
OK.
Now, we've kept that
going for 50 years
by borrowing more
and more money.
My favorite quote
of the year so far
is from the German
Finance Minister, who
at the G20 meeting in
China in February said,
the debt finance
growth model is over.
There are no shortcuts
that are not real reforms.
OK.
So party's over.
I'm not saying they
can't trickle along.
But essentially,
the party's over.
And so we're all going
to have to change.
And the reality is what
looks like it's hopeless,
if you put the right
people in charge
and you run it to
optimize it, there's
plenty of good news
in the economy.
But I used to have a
pastor in Washington say,
God does not bless a mess.
This is good,
old-fashioned, simple rules
of running things right.
And you have to have a system
that's based on the law.
Because economies work
on faith and trust.
Without faith and trust,
you can have no economy.
We're trying to run an
economy globally enforced.
It's not going to work.
It doesn't work.
I mean, we have been
centralizing the economy.
We've been using dirty
tricks and crime to do it.
We've been saying one
thing and doing another.
And that centralization has
made the 1% of 1% very wealthy,
but it shrunk the pie.
And it's going to keep shrinking
the pie unless we change.
>>REGINA: OK.
So let's delve into that.
One of the things we talked
about off-camera that's really,
perhaps the greatest
obstacle in this--
and we'll just get that
out, so we can get past it.
And that is the
notion of entrainment
and what is happening to
us psychologically in mass.
>>FITTS: Right.
One of the critical
tools they've
used to keep the slow
burn going, I believe,
is entrainment technology.
I was on Wall Street in 1984,
and I overheard a conversation
about it for the first time,
that I wasn't supposed to hear.
And it scared me to death.
And I gave up my TV.
I haven't had a TV since then.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, wait a minute.
Who are you overhearing?
And without names.
>>FITTS: Two very powerful
people on Wall Street.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>FITTS: Two very--
>>REGINA: And what
was the nature
of what they were saying?
>>FITTS: Basically,
they were saying
that TV was going to be
used to manipulate people's
minds without them knowing.
>>REGINA: OK.
We're going to go
tangential for a minute,
because we talked about this
a couple of days ago prepping.
You said, by the
way, go on YouTube
and watch a brawl at
a Chuck E. Cheese.
And of course, I immediately
was thinking the film with--
>>FITTS: "Kingsman."
>>REGINA: "Kingsman."
Her Majesty's
Secret Service, yes.
"Kingsman," which I
had everybody watch.
I said, I swear to
God, they're telling us
this technology exists.
So give us a link between that.
In case anyone
wants to go and look
for the Chuck E. Cheese brawl.
>>FITTS: So the great
thing about Hollywood
is they tell us everything.
>>REGINA: They do.
>>FITTS: They do.
So we had a whole
series of mind control--
or TV or movie
about mind control.
So we had "The
Manchurian Candidate."
We had the remake of "The
We had "Telefon"
with Charles Bronson.
We had-- what was that
wonderful one with Geena Davis
and Samuel Jackson--
you know, Samuel Jackson
is always in these movies.
>>REGINA: I know.
He does a lot of that.
>>FITTS: But it
was all about mind
controlling the individual.
Or, is about TV
influencing as propaganda.
>>REGINA: "Wag the
Dog" was a good one.
>>FITTS: "Wag the
Dog" was a great one.
But now we see with
the "Kingsman."
"Kingsman" came out, I think,
two years ago, one year ago?
>>REGINA: I think it was 2014.
>>FITTS: But it was really
using cell tower and cell
technology, SIM cards.
Samuel Jackson plays a
billionaire, a Silicon Valley
billionaire.
And he hands out free SIM cards.
So low-cost.
And proceeds to use
mind control technology
through the SIM cards
to manipulate people
in a variety of ways.
First, he uses the
technology to get the crowd
to behave in a variety
of different ways,
including getting 200
people in a Southern Church
to jump up and kill each
other at a Sunday service
where they're
talking about love.
The other thing he
does is he basically
chips the world's leaders.
So they have microchips.
And if they don't do
what they're told,
their head explodes.
>>REGINA: Fortunately,
when their head explodes,
if anyone wants
to watch it, it's
kind of rainbow-colored stuff.
>>FITTS: But you know,
it's a very gruesome movie.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>FITTS: And I try and get
people to watch it just
to understand that
this stuff exists.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>FITTS: One of my
favorite Solari Reports.
I have many favorite
Solari Reports.
We did an interview on
entrainment technology
because my clients were being
manipulated by this stuff.
And I literally needed them
to understand that it exists.
Because if you understand
this technology
exists and can be
used in a conference.
It can be used in a
phone call when somebody
is pitching you an investment.
If you know it exists, then that
is your first line of defense.
>>REGINA: Was this
with Adam Trombly?
>>FITTS: Yes.
He had sat me down in front of
a big flat-screen TV and giving
me a whole--
the scientist's explanation
of how this all goes--
it goes in one ear.
If it's not money,
I don't retain it.
>>REGINA: I know, I get it.
>>FITTS: But anyway, so he
explained the whole thing.
And in the Solari Report,
he explains the whole thing.
I had just had an
experience with both
having it used in a
conference, and then
having it used with
some of my clients.
And literally, having
wars to talk them out.
I literally had to say,
there is a 100% chance
you will lose all your money
and they still want to do it.
It's scary.
>>REGINA: But you knew this was
happening at the conference?
>>FITTS: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>FITTS: I knew
it was happening.
Because interestingly
enough, I had just gotten--
Adam explained to
me how it worked.
But I had been researching
Enron at the time.
And I was convinced from
reading the transcripts
of how enthusiastic the
analysts were when they came out
of the meeting.
You would read the
transcript and you would see
the presentation they'd made.
And then you would hear their
enthusiasm and you would say--
>>REGINA: This doesn't connect.
>>FITTS: It doesn't connect.
These people are resonating
very powerfully--
>>REGINA: You're
talking frequency?
>>FITTS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
>>FITTS: Yeah.
So my theory was--
again, high octane speculation.
My theory was that
it was entrainment.
But it was very interesting.
I walked into the room
and I could feel it.
And I thought, oh my god.
It's entrainment.
So I have to be very
disciplined about reacting.
I sat down and I
was taking notes.
And at one point--
the speech was
not a good speech,
but it was getting a very
positive reaction because
of this presentation.
I focused on getting
something down in my notes.
And as I did that,
I stopped thinking,
I need to control my mind.
I suddenly put down
my pen and started
clapping, turned to the next guy
and said, isn't he wonderful?
And I thought, no, he's not.
What am I saying?
So even knowing that it
existed, it was only--
I forgive myself.
It was only 5 or 10 seconds.
>>REGINA: I have
dealt with people
and interviewed people
who were subjects of that.
But to see how
it's done so we can
be alert to what it
might-- like you say,
you can feel it when
you walk in the room.
>>FITTS: Right.
So right now I've been
working on a cheat sheet
for my subscribers.
After watching the
"Kingsman," I was
convinced that this was
going to be prototyped.
And I think in some of the riot
situations, it's being used.
>>REGINA: I thought so, too.
Yeah.
>>FITTS: In the soft
revolution, it's being used.
But when I saw the videos of
the Chuck E. Cheese brawl,
I'm absolutely sure.
>>REGINA: That was crazy.
>>FITTS: Well, it's been
happening all over the country.
It's not the only one.
And I think they're prototyping.
And that was the last
thing that convinced me,
OK, we're coming into a
controlled demolition.
Because if they need this
technology next year,
it's because--
remember, what you're
trying to do-- whenever
the population feels that
they don't want to pay taxes
into a system which is corrupt.
And they literally
feel an obligation
to enforce the Constitution
and the laws related
to financial management.
Suddenly, you get
violent things happening.
At which point, the population
says, oh, we need government.
And you can literally
watch the polls.
If here's the line under which
you stop paying your taxes,
the polls go like this.
Suddenly, you have violence.
It comes back up.
>>REGINA: Right.
To justify defense
and everything else.
>>FITTS: Right.
To justify your need.
Think of it as
government marketing.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>FITTS: When the war on terror
runs out of legs, what's next?
Well, what's next is weaponizing
the general population.
Now, here's the thing.
If we know-- because you know
I believe the choice is coming
down to, are we going to
be a human civilization
or an inhuman civilization?
The thing that
frightens me the most
is not what's happening
to the general population
with the technology.
The thing that
frightens me most is
you're watching the
establishment who's
leading the economy and leading
the governmental structures
literally forget
what reality is.
There is a blowback from
using this technology.
The general population
loses sight of reality.
And then, you lose
sight of the fact--
the establishment loses
sight of the reality, too.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>FITTS: And you start
depending on this stuff.
>>REGINA: You're all living
in a video game more or less.
>>FITTS: Right.
And so if we're going to
move in a positive direction,
we need to get our mind back.
>>REGINA: I couldn't
agree more with you.
So number one for
you, turn the TV off
because they're using these
frequencies in the messaging
and embedded into programming?
Is that part of it?
>>FITTS: I think
this is everything.
I think it's not just TV.
I think it's the smartphones.
I think it's the internet.
I think it's all of it.
>>REGINA: G5 is
about to come out.
It's supposed to have
just devastating effects.
I'm going to do an
interview on that very soon.
But what have you
heard about G5?
And what are those potentials
with entrainment even with G5?
>>FITTS: I think it's
going to be very powerful.
Because you can
literally persuade
people that the
virtual world is more
attractive than the real world.
And they can literally choose to
live within the virtual world.
There's a wonderful--
if you've ever
watched what can be done with
the hologram technology once 5G
rolls out, it's extraordinary.
And it's very powerful.
And it could be
used for great use.
For education, for
all these things.
>>REGINA: But total
manipulation and enticement?
>>FITTS: Right.
And so I don't know what's
going to happen, Regina.
I think, again, it comes
down to human versus inhuman.
Can you use these
technologies to sell inhuman?
Yes.
Can you use them to sell human?
And I think what's
going to happen
is you're going to have a group
of people insist on human.
And the question is, can
you have a critical mass?
You don't need a lot.
You don't need a lot, that's
sort of the secret ingredient
here.
You may remember this, my
favorite story in the Bible
is the story of Gideon's army.
Gideon comes down the
mountain with 300 people
with no weapons, just lanterns
and pitchers, vibration.
And the Midianites are
so hateful and suspicious
of each other, they jump up
in the valley in the dark
and kill each other.
And the reality is you cannot
lead a civilization with this
level of perversion.
>>REGINA: No, you can't.
>>FITTS: You can't.
So it doesn't take
a lot, but we need
enough people who are pro
human to kind of organize.
And many of the
people in this country
have been in the
middle of the road.
You know, because we
want to get along.
We want to go along.
And what they're finally
beginning to realize
is they're going along
with something which
is essentially psychopathic.
And so now we're being
forced to choose.
Every year for my
whole life just about,
every four years I
despair that we're
going to spend all
this time and money
on a presidential campaign.
And this year, I thought,
oh, here we go again.
And who would have
ever predicted
that it would end up having
really meaningful discussions
about really meaningful issues?
>>REGINA: So getting
back a basis for faith
again, of some kind--
it doesn't matter what
your religion or your bent is.
But getting back a
spiritual basis for life
that has ethics,
and has morality,
and clear thinking
and coherence,
which you talk about.
>>FITTS: Coherence.
One of my favorite times
in the Solari Report
is Bill Tiller-- have you?
>>REGINA: Yes.
I've interviewed him.
>>FITTS: OK.
So Bill Tiller, I was doing
the pre-interview interview.
And I said to him,
I was so excited
because I thought
he'd be really--
he did the research on proving
that human intention could
change material reality.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>FITTS: Including
at great distances.
>>REGINA: That Lynne McTaggart
ultimately spun-off on.
>>FITTS: Right.
And very exciting stuff.
We've had Lynne McTaggart on.
And I think it's essential
to understand those things,
to understand our world.
So I said, oh, Dr. Tiller.
I'm very excited about
community prayer.
What do you think?
And he said, well, you
have to be very careful.
He said, if the people doing the
praying are coherent, it helps.
If they're incoherent,
it makes it worse.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>FITTS: And the
bells started ringing.
I said, oh, what I need to
do is to be more coherent.
>>REGINA: It's true.
And this whole notion of where
two or more gather, yes and no.
And this is something I was
taught in my spiritual guidance
decades ago, was you can
get together with people,
do your meditations.
But it really will have
little powerful effect
if you're not of single purpose,
single mind, and coherent.
Exactly what you told me.
>>FITTS: Right.
So we each have a responsibility
to our entire civilization
to be coherent in
and of ourselves.
And that's why when I talk to
people about what can we do,
it's extremely
important that you only
do that which you can do
from a place of coherence
and maintaining coherence.
>>REGINA: And you have
to have a direction
and know where you want to go.
>>FITTS: My favorite--
when I worked
in the federal government, I
was cleaning up the HUD scandal.
And it was quite
messy and organic.
And I had a wonderful
deputy who used
to say, in the
destruction of the old,
let there be the
creation of the new.
And what he meant by that
is, when you're cleaning up,
there's not time to
clean up the mess
and then start and
design a new system.
In other words, as
this is falling down,
you have to pick up the
flotsam and the jetsam
and start building arks.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>FITTS: Right.
And so you have to have a very
clear picture of where you're
going and what your purpose is.
So faith and an understanding
of my individual divine purpose
is essential for navigating
this environment.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And then, as we were
talking about a moment ago,
the entrainment is
what really interrupts
a lot of this coherence.
We'll just tie that for a
nanosecond back into that.
>>FITTS: Right.
The goal of the
entrainment is to get
you to resonate with
a machinery that's
directing you to the
purpose the machine wants.
OK.
So think of it as
harvesting machinery.
They're trying to
get you to resonate
with the machinery
that's harvesting you
instead of your divine purpose.
It's that simple.
>>REGINA: So you need to
have time for contemplation.
>>FITTS: Go hug a tree.
>>REGINA: Hug a tree.
Sit on a rock long enough
to say, how would I
live in an ideal-- if this
were an ideal world, how
do I want to live?
So that's question number
1, how do I want to live?
How can I effectively go there?
What really matters to me?
>>FITTS: What's
in my heart to do.
Not what the machinery
is trying to trick me.
But what's in my heart to do?
>>REGINA: And nature is
a really good touchstone
for being able to
find that clarity.
>>FITTS: Take your shoes off
and put your feet on the ground.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Get grounded and ask yourself
a couple of critical questions.
>>FITTS: I was litigating
with the federal government.
And if there is anything that
will make you incoherent,
it's--
>>REGINA: [INAUDIBLE].
>>FITTS: ----[INAUDIBLE]
discovery and litigation.
You know, serious litigation.
And there were two things that
could always bring me back
to coherence.
One was my cousin's cow
pasture is right behind me.
So I'd go talk to the cows.
And the cows would look at
me like, you need to chill.
And the other was Bach.
Bach can always bring me
back to a state of coherence.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So we have to find our means
of finding our coherence?
>>FITTS: Yeah, exactly.
>>REGINA: Bach or otherwise.
>>FITTS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
All right.
And we're going through
what is a pretty long list
of amazing tools we
have at our disposal.
Another one is crowdfunding.
Nourishing your culture.
And you told me
a little story, I
think it was about
Joseph Farrell.
You have a relationship
there professionally.
And what his passion is and
what you're doing about it.
>>FITTS: We had a magical
moment two years ago.
He was giving a presentation.
We were giving presentations
together at a workshop.
And Joseph said, Bach
wrote for the organ.
And he wrote, depending on when
you hear him talk about this,
on 24 or 36 tracks.
Joseph, as a small child,
learned how to play the organ.
And he said, because the
world is very complex,
we have echoes.
We have natural
systems, living systems.
You need to think on
a 24 or 36-track world
to integrate what's going on.
He said, but if you listen
to music in America,
it's become the drumbeat.
It's one track.
And in a unipolar world where
we could force everybody
to do what we wanted, we
could be overly simplistic.
But in a multi-polar
world, we can't.
So we all need to think
again, to learn how
to think on a 24 or 36-track.
Anyway.
So Joseph-- every time I talk
to him about pipe organs,
he just--
>>REGINA: Lit up?
>>FITTS: The joy in his face.
So the last time
I saw him, I said,
I'm going to start
a crowdfunding
to raise enough money
to get you a pipe organ.
And he looked at me
like I had lost my--
I said, I'm going to do it.
Watch.
And so we have the launch
party next Saturday.
And I've been learning all
about the history of pipe
organs and everything else.
One of the things I've
learned is that the pipe organ
is the music of the divine.
It was the church.
But it's interesting,
if you go back and look
at all the movies, it's
the music of space.
>>REGINA: That's true.
>>FITTS: Yeah.
In "Interstellar," Hans
Zimmer used the organ.
I have this image of
Joseph as the phantom
of the opera sitting at the
center of our morphogenic field
playing the organ and
helping us rebuild
our field into 24 to 36 tracks.
>>REGINA: Love it.
OK.
So Joseph's thrilled.
He's going to have
his own pipe organ.
>>FITTS: He went out
and bought shoes.
He bought his
organ master shoes.
And it's funny, we
haven't launched yet.
We're going to have the
launch party on Saturday,
and then launch a week later.
But two people
already-- we've already
raised $2,000 from
people who said,
we're so touched that
he bought the shoes.
If he can believe,
we can believe.
>>REGINA: And what's
so cool about that is--
I mean, this is a really
fun demonstration of it.
But this is something that can
be done within communities,
within families, where
you say, look at this kid.
The kid's a genius.
Let's put some money in
and support this guy.
We can do this for anybody.
>>FITTS: Right.
>>REGINA: So I mean,
I love the gesture.
But I like the larger
implications of it.
>>FITTS: But here's the thing.
We need to rebuild the field.
We need to cleanse
and rebuild the field.
>>REGINA: We do.
>>FITTS: And so--
>>REGINA: In that case, he's
helping on a large scale.
>>FITTS: Yeah.
And he keeps saying,
well, I don't
know if I can get good again.
I said, don't worry.
Just stay at home and play
and rebuild the field.
So he's going to be our
phantom of the opera.
>>REGINA: I love it.
I can't wait to hear it
once he gets good again.
One of the next ones is you talk
about the Popsicle index, which
I love.
And just go ahead and
explain briefly what that is.
>>FITTS: The Popsicle
index came up
when I became Assistant
Secretary of Housing.
For the first month
I was being lobbied
by the homebuilders, the
mortgage bankers, the realtors.
And I had this growing feeling
of just free-floating anxiety.
I couldn't figure
out what it was.
And then I finally
realized, everybody
was lobbying me to
make their stock go up,
but nobody was lobbying me to
make places more wonderful.
And what I realized was as we
had centralized the economy,
and run the government
for control as opposed
to optimization, that
what had happened was
we had created a win-lose
relationship between the S&P
and the well-being of places,
including the environment.
So living systems
and financial systems
had a win-lose relationship.
So I thought, well, how
can we turn that around?
Because in fact, you can create
far more financial wealth
if you do.
And it was interesting,
I was subject to dealing
with all sorts of
activists and lobbyists
from the social community
who wanted to say,
well, let's kill the S&P and
let's just make the Popsicle
index--
First, let me explain
the Popsicle index.
So I decided, I need
a simple expression.
We all know what
the S&P index means.
I need a simple index for
the well-being of a place.
And the one I came up with
is the Popsicle index,
which is the percent of
people in a community who
believe a child can leave their
home, go to the nearest place
to buy a popsicle, and
come home alone safely.
So let me say it again.
It's the percent of
people who believe
a child can leave their
home, go to the nearest place
to buy a popsicle, and
come home alone safely.
So when I was a little girl--
I grew up in a very
modest neighborhood
in West Philadelphia.
And it was unthinkable
that I couldn't
run up to Spruce Street,
play the pins, come back.
Now, anywhere in America, even
in very wealthy neighborhoods,
people do not let their
children roam because they
don't feel it's safe.
And what's interesting,
what I discovered
is that children's safety is
a pretty indicator of people's
general safety,
which is a pretty
good indicator of
the basic trust
you need for markets
and the economy to work.
So I decided, OK.
We'll use the Popsicle index.
And my sort of
vision for America
is getting the Popsicle
index and the S&P index
to be friends.
So making the financial
system and living systems
contiguous to each other.
And reengineering how the
financial system works,
so we can all make money
healing the environment
and helping people
be successful.
>>REGINA: Well, that
makes total logical sense.
But as you're
talking about this,
I'm thinking, the perception.
This is a perception that your
child is safe or not safe.
It doesn't even have
to do with reality.
And when you have the kind of
messaging that's going out,
that's be afraid,
be very afraid,
that whole mechanism works
against that ever coming
to pass--
>>FITTS: In the early
2000s, we had a war
between Alan Greenspan and me.
The Popsicle index started to
get more and more attention.
And all of a sudden,
Alan Greenspan
made a big speech about how
we need indicators which
can be certified by academics
who, of course, are financed
by bankers.
And part of the idea
of the Popsicle index
was your Popsicle index is
whatever you feel it is.
>>REGINA: It's what you
perceive your reality to be.
>>FITTS: I don't care what
any academic says to disagree
with you, it's what you feel.
This is about how you feel.
And so no academic and no--
no large corporation
and no large university
financed by a large
corporation can
come and tell you different.
>>REGINA: But the perception--
I remember a study done-- it
was in Sacramento, probably
a decade ago now, about
the perception of safety.
They talked about various
indexes in the city.
Is crime up or down compared
to so many years ago?
And people
overwhelmingly thought
that those statistics
were actually worse
than they really were.
Because the media had been
feeding them with the garbage,
be afraid.
Everything is be
afraid, be afraid.
Their kid probably could
go down to the corner
and purchase a
popsicle and come back.
But that wasn't their feeling.
They were afraid by this time.
Where when we were kids,
we could easily-- nobody
had those kinds of fears.
You just went and did it.
>>FITTS: Actually,
I'm a lot less afraid
of a child roaming
the streets than I
am of going into a
public school and dealing
with the institution--
or a hospital
and dealing with the
institutional violence.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So I guess all I'm saying is
that entrainment technology,
again, is making people feel
as though they're unsafe.
And ruining your Popsicle index.
>>FITTS: Right.
>>REGINA: When in
fact, it probably
could come back
holistically, if people
unplugged from a lot
of those perceptions.
>>FITTS: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>FITTS: We still
have to grapple
with an institutional
force that wants
to reduce human beings
to essentially livestock.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>FITTS: So it's back
to the inhuman again.
>>REGINA: Right.
But if we can unplug
from all of that
and go with this agenda
you lay out here,
we can raise the Popsicle
index once again.
>>FITTS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: It's totally
in our control.
>>FITTS: There's no reason
for poverty that I know of.
>>REGINA: No.
>>FITTS: There's no reason.
OK.
So another one is
don't spend time
with people and institutions
that drain your energy.
>>FITTS: You've got to clean
the bad guys out of your life.
It's very simple.
And I see it all the time.
There's a wonderful
book, a new book,
on what really happened with
the Madoff scandal called
"JPMadoff."
A wonderful website, JPMadoff.
Helen Chaitman, who you
should absolutely interview.
And one of the things that
the lawyers who dug in--
Helen Chaitman is one of the
leading attorneys representing
Madoff victims.
One of the things she discovered
digging into the documents
and finding out what
had really happened.
She was herself a Madoff victim.
She discovered that, in
fact, for the entire--
from 1990 on approximately,
the Madoff investment advisory
operation had one bank account.
One bank account.
And I said to her, well, who
was the securities custodian?
She said, none.
There was none.
So the money went in and
they never bought securities.
And because there was only
one bank, that bank knew.
And that bank was JPMorgan.
So they knew.
Now, according to
her, 50% of Americans
directly or indirectly have
an account at JPMorgan.
Why?
It was very interesting.
In 1997, I was
sitting in my office--
1997, '98-- and I was writing
a check on JPMorgan Chase
private wealth account.
And I realized, I'm
banking at the bank that's
doing all this mortgage fraud.
Why am I doing it?
And that's when I said,
I've got to come clean.
I've got to get these guys
out of my bank account.
I've got to get
them out of my mind.
I've got to get them
out of my pocketbook.
I've got to get them out.
>>REGINA: So are you suggesting
that people move their assets
over to locally-owned banks
or more credible financial
institutions, saving--
>>FITTS: What you need to do--
>>REGINA: Credit unions?
>>FITTS: --is make sure
any custodian you have,
whether it's a bank,
a brokerage account--
first of all, they're
in the business
of serving retail
customers-- you.
And that they have
a track record that
is both ethical and competent.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>FITTS: And they have a minimum
or no conflicts of interest.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, if they're regulated
by the federal government,
in that is going to be
some conflicts of interest.
So you can't avoid it.
But there are so many
wonderful bankers and people
in the financial community who
have really been discouraged
terribly by the fact that
no matter what they do,
they have a handicap.
They're honest and
they're competent.
And the customer keeps
supporting the criminal.
So the customer is
going to have to choose.
>>REGINA: The customer has
to be educated first though,
as to who these companies are.
Who the good guys are.
>>FITTS: Right.
Well, up at Solari, we
have a link called--
and you can pick it up
easily in a search--
how to find a good local bank.
>>REGINA: That's
why I brought it up,
because I know you
have resources.
>>FITTS: And anyone can do it.
And if you feel uncomfortable
doing it by yourself,
get together with a group
of friends and do it.
Every bank in the world is
going-- if you call up and say,
I have five people and we're
looking for a good bank.
Can we come and talk to you?
You're going to
get coffee, donuts,
and a great presentation.
>>REGINA: Well,
that's what they do
at my little bank in Sacramento.
There's always a bowl of
chocolates there, too.
>>FITTS: Right.
Exactly.
So you know, the
good guys are there.
And the more money switches from
the bad guys to the good guys.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And that's something
we can all do.
Also, this whole
area of coming clean.
And you call it 23 areas of
your life that you can improve.
Should we delve in?
I don't know if we'll
have time for all 23,
but let's say with certainly the
top 15 if we can get to them.
You want to do that?
>>FITTS: Here, I would just
focus on the financial areas.
But essentially,
what we've got to do
is we've got to go
through our life
and we've got to move out
of our life anything that's
straining us.
I always encourage
people, do a time budget
and look at the things
that are draining you.
And then figure out, can you
move them out of your life?
>>REGINA: Time.
Not just money, but time.
>>FITTS: Time.
Time is your--
>>REGINA: Biggest asset.
>>FITTS: It's both.
Right.
We have an article,
you can pick it up
in a search called coming clean.
And it walks you through all the
different aspects of your life.
One of the things I
focus on is finance.
And that is because one of
the biggest strains that
is happening to people is in
their financial life, both
their income, expenses,
and their investments.
And because the economy is
changing, they need to change.
And they need to not let them--
just stop-- one way you
can make the world better
is to stop feeding the beast.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>FITTS: And so
there's a whole bunch
of steps on the financial
system that I would really
encourage you to look at.
One is get out of debt
if you possibly can.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>FITTS: Two, we're
in a controlled--
whether it's a slow
burn accelerating
into a controlled demolition.
Incomes are flat.
And real inflation--
I know you know
Charles Hugh Smith.
Real inflation is
running at a 7% rate.
And so you're getting squeezed.
And there are ways of
jumping the curve on that.
One of them is going
through your balance sheet
and looking at where you can
invest money to permanently
lower your expenses.
>>REGINA: You gave me
an example on the phone.
I loved it about the--
you're paying too much
for water as an example.
>>FITTS: So I had a friend who
was complaining that her water
bill was going up and the yields
on her stocks were going down.
I said, this is a no-brainer.
Sell your stocks
and build a well.
She was in a rural
area where she could.
We've been disintermediated
or intermediated
on our balance sheet.
And we need to get into our
balance sheet and say, OK.
Where can I do more for myself?
Or where can I do more--
I'll see people who
are getting no yields.
They're trying to
stay conservative.
They're getting no yields on
their fixed income portfolio.
And yet, all their kids have
mortgages with high interest
rates.
I said, look.
Your kids are good kids.
Don't do this if they're not.
Why not just refinance
them and keep
the interest in the family?
>>REGINA: Right.
I think that's a wonderful idea.
One area-- speaking of family--
I love is you call
it "Family Wealth."
It's a book by Jay Hughes.--
And let's talk about that.
How we can help
each other's family.
>>FITTS: Jay Hughes is
a very successful lawyer
who wrote a book about
how wealthy families can
stay wealthy.
But if you look at the
process that he recommends,
it's fabulous for families
who want to get wealthy.
I always end the Solari
Report by saying,
don't ask whether
there is a conspiracy.
If you're not in one,
you need to start one.
But it's literally
teaching families
how to conspire to help
themselves not just make money,
but to help each
individual and the family
be successful and
pursue their dreams.
>>REGINA: I mean,
doesn't that really
require an extraordinary
amount of love and altruism?
Because every family
member is so different.
An artist might be harder
to justify on paper,
but what they contribute to
the world offers so much,
has so much value.
How do you work this?
>>FITTS: Well, what
Hughes argues--
and I agree totally with him--
is that each person in a family
brings their dreams
and their skills.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>FITTS: And some make money
and some don't, but the family
is successful when
all are supported.
You know, it was
really interesting
because I used to
compete ruthlessly
with a very famous investment
bank in Washington.
And they would always
nail me because they
gave so much in terms of to
the art world and the theater.
And they'd always get you there.
And it was really funny because
it worked very effectively
for them.
But what Hughes is
saying is, look.
The world is an ecosystem.
The family is a mini-ecosystem.
Build your ecosystem to relate
to the world as an ecosystem.
And everybody needs to
do what their passion is.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>FITTS: It's interesting.
When I ran Hamilton
Securities in Washington,
we once did our budget.
And I said, look.
Do me a favor.
I want to do a time budget and
make sure this really works.
So we did a time budget.
And what we
discovered is that we
had allocated 700% of our time.
And our plan wasn't
going to work.
>>REGINA: Unwise.
>>FITTS: So I said, OK.
Let's just pretend
that instead of doing
what you feel we need
you to do and what
you're obligated to do, you
do next year what you really
want to do.
We completely reallocated it.
And suddenly, we
could get all the work
done within the time we
really had because everybody
was working on what was
really in their heart to do.
>>REGINA: And you
stayed profitable?
I mean, everything--
>>FITTS: We stayed profitable
until the Department of Justice
came down on [INAUDIBLE].
>>REGINA: Well, yeah.
That's your big back story.
>>FITTS: But yeah.
No, the company that year
was very, very profitable.
And the plan worked.
And we had real teamwork.
>>REGINA: That's beautiful.
>>FITTS: But family--
and I would really
encourage everybody who wants
to work with their family.
And if you don't want to
work with your family,
create a family.
Because I'm a great believer
that in this environment,
we're going to have to help.
We're going to have
to help each other.
>>REGINA: Yes.
We are so stuck in
rigid, little cubicles
when it comes to finance,
and managing your monies,
and so forth.
We really have to
break free of this
to be able to be open-minded
and -hearted enough to do this.
>>FITTS: Well, in
defense of people,
it's very hard to find
people that you can trust.
>>REGINA: It is.
>>FITTS: And that's
why I encourage
people to start a circle and
work with others on what you
can trust them to do.
Maybe you can't trust each
other talking about money,
but you can't trust each other
about going and buying food.
I'm always saying
to people, look.
Take turns going down
to the terminal market
and get big boxes of
organic food and share it.
So whether it's
reducing your expenses,
or finding ways of generating
revenues, or investing,
find people that
you enjoy being with
and work with them
on what you can.
I've often done
circles by phone.
We do circles by phone with
people all over the country.
And a lot of it is just--
I have one group where we're
just following our portfolios
and talking about what
in the world is going on
and what does it mean
to our portfolios.
And every time I
get full of myself
and think I know
what's going on,
I get on the phone with them and
I'm like, wow, I missed that.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>FITTS: Yeah.
It's really fun.
>>REGINA: So this is
that networked economy
of diverse skills?
We need this.
Not just family.
We need this in
communities, among friends.
>>FITTS: We're leaving
the unipolar world.
We're going to the
multi-polar world.
It's complicated.
It's changing.
No one can ever know
really what's going on.
And so that's why we
have to work together.
It's made more complicated
by fraud, identity theft,
and so forth.
And you talk a little bit
about how to protect yourself.
>>FITTS: The financial
fraud is very, very serious.
And you know, for many years,
I've said get the bad guys out
of your data.
Get them out of your portfolio.
Don't do business with them.
And just now, I
think it's finally--
people are finally
beginning to understand, oh,
if I do business
with these guys,
I'm much more
susceptible to fraud.
But you have to take
this very seriously.
We have a great Solari
Report on identity theft.
There are many
things you can do.
But you have to
take it seriously.
And part of it is by simply
just watching your finances.
>>REGINA: Well, and as she
told me off-camera also,
keep all your records separate
from the grid and the system.
You use USB sticks.
You can do hard copy,
whatever you need to do.
But make sure you have
records of what you're doing.
>>FITTS: You need to
have very good archiving
of your financial records
and documentation.
If you look at any of the
disasters we've experienced
in this country from
Katrina to power outages,
the people who could
come back up fast
were the people who
had their documents.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>FITTS: Right.
If you had all your
documentation coming out
of Katrina, you got your
insurance money very fast.
If you didn't, it was a problem.
>>REGINA: So we're responsible
for that part of our lives.
And go to Solari to
find out what they can
do in terms of identity fraud.
>>FITTS: Right.
>>REGINA: I mean,
identity theft.
>>FITTS: Right.
>>REGINA: OK, good.
Another one is contribution.
I know you like crowdfunding.
You like to contribute.
You have your little
pet causes where
you'll spend $100 a
month here and maybe $100
a month here to help
build a community
or help build a new
standard of living.
>>FITTS: It was
really interesting.
During the
litigation, two things
happened to me that really
profoundly changed my life.
One was all my life, I
had wanted to make money.
And I'd been very successful.
And whenever anybody in
my close friends or family
got in trouble and needed
help, I would loan them money.
I would give them money.
And when the litigation hit,
I realized that I had given
or lent $250,000.
And the Department
of Justice was--
a process had begun where
all of my credit and access
to income--
>>REGINA: You needed
your money back.
>>FITTS: Well, my
family got together
and they said, well, I
guess she needs it back.
And that money, Regina,
trickled in over 11 years
and saved my life.
Without it, I wouldn't--
I had put it in the
bank, if you will.
And it was the one source of
money that couldn't be cut off.
It was--
>>REGINA: Family and friends
who you had done for.
>>FITTS: Right.
So it came back.
And it literally saved my life.
The other thing
that used to happen
was one of the
things I discovered
was that I would be in
church and some old church
mother would come up and
put a quarter in my hand
and say, honey, I'm
praying for you.
And that little
bit of money was--
it was like a prayer.
And there was some
material real to it
just because that
quarter was real to her.
That dollar was real to her.
And I started to discover
the power of tiny dollars
to really change the
energy in a situation.
It's like a vote.
And so if you come to Solari
every week or so, we're doing--
it's little donations.
But we're saying, we think
this person is great.
We're trying to support them.
And I think that can make
an enormous difference.
I'm a tither.
I believe in tithing.
And don't worry that
it's not a lot of money,
because it's a prayer.
And energetically, it can
make a huge difference.
If you see something
you love, just send it--
if you have $1, send a $1.
It makes a big difference.
>>REGINA: It does.
And then finally, another area
is really going into our heart.
Some people feel-- and some
people genuinely don't even
have an extra dollar to share.
Or, not very many
dollars at all because
they're living on a
subsistence kind of income.
Social Security.
>>FITTS: But they
could say a prayer.
>>REGINA: That's what
I was going to say.
But we can give of ourselves
on other levels of our heart
and mind.
And Unitarian Church is
kind of a great example
with their prayer circles.
>>FITTS: One of the
things I discovered was,
I wrote a book for--
first, for the clients,
and then we put it up, called
"Gifting to the Children
We Love."
I would talk to
people in a family.
And some people would say,
well, we don't have any time.
And other people would say,
well, we don't have any money.
And I realized,
well, wait a minute.
You have time.
You have money.
Get together and organize a
plan where you put in the money
and you put in the time
and you help these kids.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>FITTS: And it works.
But you have to talk
about your money.
I grew up in a world where
we were very comfortable--
>>REGINA: You don't
talk about it though.
In most families, you
don't talk about it.
>>FITTS: We have to
start talking about this.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>FITTS: Because if you
look, for 500 years,
we've been in the central
banking warfare model.
Now, if we're going
to globalize--
the way the central banking
warfare model worked
is we had a covenant
with each other,
but we financed our covenant by
stealing from everybody else.
So now if we're
going to globalize,
it's going to have to
be do unto others as you
would have them do unto you.
But it's also going
to be finance unto
others as you would have
them finance unto you.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>FITTS: We're going to
have to get the money.
And as we look at this choice
between inhuman and human,
the humans, if they
want a win, have
no other choice but to get
into the money and say, OK,
how can we re-engineer the
money so our team wins?
And somehow, we get to
finance heaven on earth.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Couldn't agree more with you.
Any final thoughts?
That was so beautiful.
Final thought before
we sign-off here?
>>FITTS: Yeah.
The one thing I
would say is, I think
the number one goal of
the entrainment machine
is to persuade you
that it's hopeless.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>FITTS: We have far
more power and we're
far closer to turning this
around than anybody knows.
>>REGINA: Couldn't agree more.
>>FITTS: And so I
have a concept called
turtle, where one of
the things I learned
in dealing up against
the entrainment machine
is never quit.
In fact, if it
looks hopeless, you
can always clean your closets.
And then the next morning,
if your closets are tidy,
you'll feel better
and you'll keep going.
>>REGINA: And you'll
have the energy.
>>FITTS: And so don't buy it.
Don't buy into the hopelessness.
It's not true.
We have the power
to turn this around.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
It's been an absolute joy
being with you once again.
It's always like
such a fast ride.
I just love it.
And so we'll do this
again down the road.
And thank you so much
for your perspectives,
and for giving people
that kind of hope back.
>>FITTS: Thank you for
everything you do, Regina.
>>REGINA: I hope
this has given you
a new sense of the possibilities
that are under your own control
to implement.
Change by choice is powerful.
Until next time, thank you
for joining us here on Gaia.
[THEME MUSIC]